>> Steve Kinney: So the rough edges
around these sub agents is again,
I'm kind of mentioning it.
It's kind of like the MCP stuff we saw
earlier, where I'm kind of mentioning it.
But it's somewhat like I hope that
it chooses the right agent, right?
And I have noticed that unless I
mention the agent by name, no chance.
Which considering some of
these other things, I'm okay.
So like I said before, it has its own
context window, it does its own thread,
and then it only does the return value
effectively back to the main agent,
which means that if you reject that,
that's gone,
it's not in that context thread anymore.
Which means those tokens
kiss them goodbye.
Maybe you could find them in those
files that live in your home directory.
I have not checked.
The other thing is we see that constant
flow of information from the main agent.
You can see that.
All I can see is that front end
architect is doing something or
the junior engineer is doing something.
I don't know necessarily
what they're doing.
Like I said, as we saw token and
time bloat say I was setting something up,
token and time bloat splitting stuff up.
And in this case,
we're serializing, not parallelizing,
it is gonna take extra time.
And then obviously too
many chefs in the kitchen.
And those prompts that we saw,
I would probably edit them down over time.
Like again, this is a feature that
came out four or five days ago.
So those will probably be things I
edit and tweak as time goes on, but
time has not gone on yet.
So like I said,
I would probably start small and
keep them short because they
will eat up your token budget.
I have never had it pick one on its own
just yet and honestly, I don't want it to.
So name the ones when you wanna pull
them in, make sure they're clear, and
don't let them do things they
shouldn't be able to do.
Especially with the MCP servers we talked
about before with Cursor and with Claude,
really we have this problem which is like,
hey, if you have all these CP servers,
all of the information is getting sent
as options that the LLM can choose,
even if you don't want to use them.
With now these sub agents,
you can say, hey, test engineer,
you have the ability to spin up
playwright, front end architect,
you're not allowed to
contribute code anymore.
Get out of here.
You have the ability to edit markdown
files and Google Docs and go to meetings.
You can have an agent who is allowed
to touch the ESLint files and, and
the rest of them aren't.
You know what I mean?
I think there's a lot to play with here
in terms of like permissioning and
how you play with that context.
And again, a lot of this is very new and
is an emerging field.
But I think that there's definitely.
It's like I'm like, I could see
already like having used this for
like five days now, I'm like, I'm into it.
So yeah, keep it, you know,
just keep it small and
limited, cuz it's all part
of what we said before.
A few other things we talked about git
work trees but I got a few slides so
we're going to talk about them again.
So the question came up earlier,
we answered it with background agents
of how do you parallelize stuff?
Because if they're all
working on the same branch,
you're going to have a gitastrophe.
Git work trees are a feature
in git that let you
spin off multiple timelines
from the sacred timeline and
like have different things happening
all on your same file system.
I, you know, have played with it.
At one point I was like, this is the way.
First of all, you will just hit your rate
limits 4 times faster, 5 times faster,
10 times faster.
So that's the thing.
Two, if you are reviewing all this code,
are you really moving any faster?
And three, it's now you've got all these
directories you gotta clean up and
like bun install.
So they exist, I think a lot of
people talk about them and like them.
The people who are like posting that
they have nine terminal windows open.
When anthropic tightened the rate limits,
they were definitely
saying because the people who are using
this 24/7 are ruining it for everyone.
Yeah, there's a piece to that.
So you can go spin them up,
basically git worktree add.
I have found that having.
And I'll show you this
in the repo in a second.
I have a subdirectory so
that my node modules will still work and
I get ignore and everything,
ignore ESLintIgnore that folder.
I don't use it anymore because I
personally found that I don't need.
When I was vibing all the time
in the earliest days, I'm like,
now I can vibe four
times at the same time.
That's a lot of vibes.
Then I realized that I had to be
responsible to review plans and
read everything.
And I'm like, I'm still the main thread,
I'm still blocking.
And so you can do these.
This is a pattern that I think a lot of
people like the Anthropic team recommends.
So I think it's worth mentioning there
is this app called Crystal which
will effectively it's like Electron Apple
as is everything that will
let you spin up multiple work trees
in a graphical user interface.
The problem is all your clotting now
lives in this little box in here.
But it'll show you the git diff.
It's an open source project and
as I mean for
an open source project
that is pretty young.
It's good,
it's definitely every version is
a noticeable improvement
over the previous one.
That is both a compliment
to the current version.
I'll leave it there.
And so if one wanted to try it I found
that this was way more sane than
doing it myself.
Other things that you could try is having
some commands and letting Claude make and
destroy the trees itself.
I don't have the stomach for that.
It's worth it if you are interested in it,
so definitely worth checking out as well.